Introduce image build / push commands (#23410)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/cli-tooling.adoc

# Add q to list of commands included in quarkus autocompletion
complete -F _complete_quarkus q
----

> === Image building and pushing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Container images
```

> The quarkus CLI allows building container images without tampering with your project configuration (adding / removing container image extensions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Quarkus CLI allows building container images without tampering with your project configuration (adding / removing container image extensions).
```

Reviewer: I got the one but not the other?! EEEK. LOL

> The quarkus cli allows building container images without tampering with your project configuration (adding / removing container image extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quarkus CLI allows building container images without tampering with your project configuration (adding / removing container image extensions).
```

> To perform a build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the image for your project:
```

[source, shell]
----
quarkus image build
----

> The build command can be used directly, or a subcommand can be selected. The available subcommands are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `image build` command can be used directly, or a subcommand can be selected. The available subcommands are:
```

- docker
- buildpacks
- jib
- openshift

> Each subcommand corresponds to an image building tool supported by quarkus and gives access to specific configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each subcommand corresponds to an image building tool supported by Quarkus and gives access to specific configuration options.
```

> For example to use `buildpacks` instead of `docker` and set the builder image of choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to use a https://buildpacks.io/[Cloud Native Buildpack] with a custom builder image, use the following:
```

[source, shell]
----
quarkus image build buildpack --builder-image <<your builder image>>
----

==== Pushing

> Similar to `build` the `push` command works similarly. It allows allows for pushing images and exposes some basic options related to the target registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `image push` command is similar to `image build`, and surfaces some basic options required to push images to a target container registry.
```

[source, shell]
----
quarkus image push --registry=<<image registry>> --registry-username=<<registry username>> --registry-passowrd=<<registry password>>
----

> Note: It's not recommended to pass username and password as command line arguments.

Reviewer: If it is not recommended to pass the username or password as command line arguments, then it shouldn't be your example. Should the options exist at all? or should the CLI read from a .env file or environment variables or stdin?

Do what is the right thing.

Author: Added option to optionally read password from stdin (ala docker login, oc login and so on).
Docs, now use that property.

[source, shell]
----

> quarkus image push --registry=<<image registry>> --registry-username=<<registry username>> --registry-password-stdin

Reviewer: `<<...>>` syntax is used as an anchor.. is that's what intended? 

```suggestion
quarkus image push --registry=<image registry> --registry-username=<registry username> --registry-password-stdin
```
